chore: release (#219)
dfinity/sol-rpc-canister: libs/client/CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.1.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## 3.0.0 - 2025-08-29

### Changed

> - Replace forked `solana-*` crates by latest releases ([#197](https://github.com/dfinity/sol-rpc-canister/pull/197))

Reviewer: nit: maybe it's worth pointing out that these use the "official" solana crates and that the patch section is no longer necessary. E.g.
```suggestion
- Replace forked `solana-*` crates by the corresponding ones in `solana_sdk` version `3.0.0`. The `patch.crates-io` section in `Cargo.toml` is therefore no longer necessary and can be removed. ([#197](https://github.com/dfinity/sol-rpc-canister/pull/197))
```

Reviewer 2: I wasn't quite sure how verbose we want to be in the CHANGELOG, your suggestion is good! Done.
